[DOCS-1138] Update Models docs for configuring the default entity (#1496)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/app/settings-page/user-settings.md

```
In an `<img>` tag, you can specify `width`, `height`, or both. If you specify only one of them, the image's proportions are maintained.

## Default team

> If you are a member of more than one team, the **Default team** section allows you to configure the default team to use when a run or a Weave trace does not specify a team. If you are a member of only one team, that team is the default and this section does not appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a member of more than one team, the **Default team** section allows you to specify the team that owns a run or a Weave trace when it doesn't specify a team. Each team has its own configuration, membership, and storage. If you are a member of only one team, that team is the default and this section does not appear.
```
Minor knit but this reads a little clearer to me.

Author: "knit" made me smile.

I think I can improve this a bit further because runs and traces don't use teams, they are owned by / saved in a team. I edited your edit just a bit.

> Select a tab to continue.

Reviewer: What do the tabs denote in the workflow? Are these types of accounts that customers can have? I legit don't know.

Author: Yep, exactly! In cloud, we have Multi-tenant SaaS and Dedicated Cloud deployment types, and we also have Self-Managed, which is deployed using Kubernetes in the customer's cloud tenant or datacenter. Dedicated Cloud is actually Self-Managed managed by W&B.

{{< tabpane >}}
{{% tab header="Multi-tenant Cloud" %}}

> Next to **Default location to create new projects in**, click thew drop-down, then select your default team.

Reviewer: I don't think this is rendering properly in the preview
<img width="861" height="201" alt="Screenshot 2025-08-11 at 12 19 18 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/532fce1d-e958-4eff-8ea1-ee97cfa6f28e" />

Author: Thanks for noticing this. I often forget the `text=true` on the tabpane. Another thing to note is that the tabpane needs the `<>` which denotes a HTML shortcode and the tab needs the `%%` which denotes a Markdown shortcode. This is an area of Hugo / Docsy I don't fully understand tbh.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="Dedicated Cloud / Self-Managed" %}}

> 1. Next to **Default location to create new projects in**, click thew drop-down, then select your default team or your personal entity.

Reviewer: These list numbers rendered fine in preview (and the same formatting is used below, too), so it's probably fine, but is there a reason the steps are all labels as `1`?

Author: Auto-numbering. :) This way, if I add or remove a step, I don't need to re-number all the others. This is fairly standard with Markdown processors. We don't have a hard and fast rule. I believe that @ngrayluna tends to prefer explicit numbering.

1. (**Optional**) If an admin has turned on public projects in in **Account** > **Settings** > **Privacy**, configure the default visibility for your new projects. Click the button next to **Default project privacy in your personal account**, then select **Private** (the default) or **Public**.
1. (**Optional**) If an admin has turned on [default saving and diffing code]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/code.md" >}}) in **Account** > **Settings** > **Privacy**, to turn it on for your runs, click **Enable code saving in your personal account**.
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

{{% alert %}}

> To specify the default team when you’re running a script in an automated environment, you can specify the default location using the `WANDB_ENTITY` [environment variable]({{< relref "https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/models/track/environment-variables.md" >}}).

Reviewer: Does the change the default team for the foreseeable future?

Author: It doesn't change anything in W&B. Environment variables like this are set locally before running your script, or inline when you invoke your script. One of these:

```shell
# Does not persist when the script exits
$ export WANDB_ENTITY="foo" ./myscript.py
```

```shell
# Persists when the script exits if set at the command line. Could be set in the shell's configuration instead
$ export WANDB_ENTITY="foo"

$ ./myscript.py
```

{{% /alert %}}

## Teams
The **Teams** section lists all of your teams.

1. Click a team name to go to the team page.
1. If you have permission to join additional teams, click **View teams** next to **We found teams for you to join**.

> 1. Optionally, turn on **Hide teams in public profile**.

Reviewer: Maybe this is explained elsewhere in the overall concept of a team at W&B, but what does hiding the team in a public profile do and why would a customer want to do it?

Author: In our cloud environment, your identity is separate from any organizations you may be in. If you remember, I invited you to the W&B org. When you accepted the invite, you created your account at the same time. But you could leave the org and your account would still exist. It might be that a user wants their profile to be private instead of public, or it may be that they want to keep it public but hide certain details from it.

Here is my public profile on https://wandb.ai: https://wandb.ai/matt-linville This is a somewhat free-form page that I think I modified when I was testing something. Your public profile is probably still the default. But the only thing you can edit is the middle of the page. In the left-hand side of the page, your teams are listed at the bottom. This hides that. :) I will make sure that it is documented.

> 1. Optionally, turn on **Hide teams in public profile**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. By default, your teams are listed in the left navigation of your profile. To hide your teams from your public profile, click **Hide teams in public profile**.
```

{{% alert %}}

> To create or manage a team, see [Manage teams]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/settings-page/teams/" >}}).

Reviewer: I personally do not think this needs to be in an alert, but that's just me!

Author: I agree! It was an alert before. I just added a link. But it's a good idea to demote it.

> {{% alert %}}

Author: ```suggestion
```

> {{% /alert %}}

Author: ```suggestion
```
